Creates release script to facilitate knowledge transfer (#599)
jenkins-infra/plugin-health-scoring: docs/CONTRIBUTING.adoc

. Click the _Create pull request_ button.

The pull request will be built in link:https://ci.jenkins.io[ci.jenkins.io].

== Releases

The releases can be generated by using the `release.sh` script at the root of the repository.
This scripts uses `git`, `gh`, `jq` and `mvn` to generate the release.
The script also requires Bash version to be greater than 4.
Make sure you have all those tools on your system.

You can run the script like this:

[source bash]
----
bash release.sh
----

> WARNING: to be able to perform a release, you **must** have write permission on the project repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: To be able to perform a release, you **must** have write permission on the project repository.
```
Small capitalization suggestion since this would be a sentence.

The script will pick the version from the GitHub Release in draft which is prepared by `release-drafter`.

You can pass a version as the first argument of the script, but only if you know exactly what you are doing.
Then, run the script like:

[source bash]
----
bash release.sh 9.9.9
----

> The project doesn't publish Java binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project doesn't publish a Java binary.
```
Not sure if it needs the `a` here, but suggesting in case it was missed.

Author: It sounds better with it

The release is "only" generating a Git tag, changing the versions in the `pom.xml` files.
The tag is picked up by infra.ci.jenkins.io to build the docker image.

When both the docker image and the GitHub Release are available, Infra team has a Jenkins job using `updatecli` which will create a pull request on link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helm-charts[].
This pull request should be reviewed carefully.

> Once it is merged, a deployment will be trigger through a pull request on link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/kubernetes-management[] repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once it is merged, a deployment will be triggered through a pull request on the link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/kubernetes-management[] repository.
```
Small grammar suggestions for correct tense and syntax.

> Only when this second pull request is merge that the new release is deployed on the infra system and available at link:https://plugin-health.jenkins.io[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new release is *only* deployed on the infra system and available at link:https://plugin-health.jenkins.io[] when this second pull request is merged.
```
Suggestion to re-order the syntax so that it reads a little better/more smoothly.
